my role in exposing CIA people back in
the 1970s was political it was for
political reasons based on what the
people are doing in the CIA around the
world in terms of promotion of political
repression torture forced disappearances
and so forth
it happens that I wrote my first book
which had all the names in the 1970s and
this was the same time that there were
horrible bloody military dictatorships
in Uruguay Argentina Chile Brazil all of
those were put in with help from the CIA
and they overthrew elected civilian
democratic governments I wanted to fight
against this and against the human
rights violations that were being
carried out in these countries and I
only mentioned those because you could
mention Vietnam you could mention the
Philippines you could mention the whole
world for that matter in terms of the
political repression that the CIA has
caused through the years all based on a
pack of lies and the same Bush family
not only this this is president but his
mother and his father are of the same
cut they lie in public all the time and
I know that from personal experience
okay